Good morning everybody, shifumindset
here with a new episode and this episode
will be about Jehovah Witnesses versus
Norway. The Supreme Court verdict is
just out and
I'm sorry to say but Jehovah's Witnesses
have won the case.
They emerge victorious in the Supreme
Court today.
Decisions denying Jehovah Witnesses
state subsidies and registration are
invalid.
That is the conclusion of the
Supreme Court.
Of course, that lawyer is very very
happy.
It's gratifying that the Supreme Court
majority upholds religious freedom.
Why the Supreme Court
majority?
Because it was three
to two
people in favor of Jehovah Witnesses.
Two people
were
convinced that
all the actions the Norwegian government
took were met. All the conditions
were okay
to
give this verdict and to withhold that
subsidy for Watch Tower.
>> [clears throat]
>> Three judges
were in favor of Jehovah Witnesses.
So it was a very close call because if
we had another judge who ruled in favor
of the Norwegian government it would be
a whole different picture.
So Jehovah Witnesses expect to receive
up to 100 million
after the state withdrew the state
subsidy in 2021.
Even [snorts] though it was not part of
the case.
And he expects that lawyer that the
state and Jehovah Witnesses will have no
disagreements about the amount itself.
So what happened? 2021 till 2024 the
state rejected Jehovah Witnesses
application for state subsidies.
In 2022
they were also denied registration
as a religious community.
Then we got the lawsuits. Then the state
justified
that they violate the rights and
freedom.
But
children's rights, that's what's the
bottom line about this one.
And they appealed the case
and
the state
ruling goes to the Supreme Court.
So since February 9th of this year five
judges have considered whether the
religious community should get a subsidy
back
after the state removed it.
So there's a section six of the
religious communities act
and two judges says those
conditions for refusing state subsidies
were met.
But the other ones not.
And
we had the
how do you call it? The emphasis on
that ostracism can lead to lost contact
with family members. And we all know
that's the case.
But they ruled against it.
And I want to thank a few guys who
really put effort into that this case.
Jan Frode Nielsen
is a hero. He's a former Jehovah
Witness. He testified for the state
against Jehovah Witnesses in several
court cases.
It's another thing to be an ex-Jehovah
Witness.
But you have to be a special kind of
man or woman
if you are up to the job
when it is needed.
It's the same with me being in the
neighborhood watch.
You can arrest a guy.
You can catch a guy.
But if you are the complainant on
the statement
and you have to go to court
and you sit there in court with family
members who now know who you are, where
you live, what you do, whatever,
it can be dangerous.
And also for Jan Frode Nielsen, he is an
ex-Jehovah Witness.
But it's different to speak out to
YouTube, to people,
than to sit in court against Jehovah
Witnesses
and testify what harmful practices they
do.
They now have a face with it. They now
see you. They are in the same room with
you.
It can be frightening. It can be
they come into your personal space. So I
want to thank Jan Frode Nielsen
especially him for all the hard work he
did
for all of us as ex-Jehovah Witnesses
to just
get a
view of the world on those cases.
That even if we lost people, it doesn't
matter.
Why does it matter? Of course, I would
also like to see that we won the case.
But Jehovah Witnesses are going nowhere.
Jehovah Witnesses have enough money to
have lawyers.
There are so many
loopholes and mazes in the law
that you can get away with a lot of
things.
It's not easy to
pinpoint a fixed thing
on
Jehovah Witnesses.
Because they can say one thing and do
the other thing.
It's in all courts, in every country,
it's the same.
So I'm not surprised that they ruled in
favor of Jehovah Witnesses. On paper it
looks maybe all right.
There are some gray areas, but the law
doesn't
isn't interested in the gray areas. It
has to be black and white. And when you
are portraying a gray area
and you say no, there's no nothing that
we
we forbid people to talk to each other
socially,
in the family atmosphere,
and all those things you can weasel your
way out of it.
Because remember this, they are the
headquarters of the weasel farm in this
world. They weasel with words.
They say one thing, they mean another
thing. They
>> [clears throat]
>> say oh, this was never in the scripture
and oh, it's now new light, stuff like
that.
They can get away with a lot of things.
Why? Because it's not
touchable. It's not purely a fact.
You can interpret it in other ways and
oh yeah, the rank and file people
interpreted wrong. We meant with this
that it's just
family ties are the same.
No one has to be shunned.
If someone does that, that's their
personal decision.
So then you have to take on to court all
those families personally who shun their
children and stuff like that.
So for all the people who are watching,
thank you for watching.
Thank you for always being here, but
also don't stress too much about this
verdict.
Yes, it is a sad day in a sense. Only
three till two two judges.
Only one judge we needed to flip the
script around. And they deserve what
they
should get.
And that's the punishment for not
upholding the rights
inside the organization
of the people.
And also
they don't respect the people who are
leaving.
So yes, that's a sad day. But on the
other hand, we know that this can
happen.
And it doesn't change my mission. It I'm
not quitting now because of this.
We'll just have to swallow it and we go
on to the next fight.
We are being knocked down, but we get up
again and makes us stronger.
Because what happening in the Jehovah
Witnesses is
they are ruining themselves from the
inside.
Because if people see those
videos or those court cases, they study
those court cases and they see what that
lawyer is saying about no, it's personal
decision and
people are not dumb. People know that
the Sonya Ericsson video is suddenly
deleted because Norway's court cases.
So, you're going to see the smart people
inside the religion who are critically
thinking a little bit, they are going to
notice the patterns of the Jehovah
Witnesses.
That they protect their money, that they
protect their image.
And the rest of the people, they don't
care about.
In the end, you are all alone in that
religion, that high controlled religion.
So, don't let them get you.
Be strong. Think about
the examples of people who are
fighting the battles outside and inside
to just
shed a light on what they are doing.
On how they are doing things. That it's
not
biblical, that it has nothing to do with
the scriptures, that they are making
things up, that they just whatever.
So, Watch Tower, congratulations with
this court case. We see you on the next
one.
Guys, thank you for watching. We see
each other on the next episode. Have a
beautiful day and don't let yourself
down.
Don't let be knocked down by this.
We fight another fight. Till the next
fight, people. Thank you for watching.